Install in progress... Blurb B-sides: Guts Coming and Going explores the potential for aggregate monsters at the edge of the world wide web. As a trillion self published transmissions make their way across the social networks, little nodes siphon the data to big daddy data banks (BDDB). Though you deposit you can never withdraw. The network never forgets, and now, neither do you. Eternal sunshine of the dumbass hive mind, S.O.S. I feel bad, what about you? Between 2011 and 2016 I posted over 2,000 status updates to facebook.com, my top four most used words read: JUST LIKE NEW TIME. Just like new time I wish there was another chance, to reel my guts back into my body. Tell the network “forget this”, and “forget that”. But I’m inside-out now, and a monster is lurking.
Stealing strategies from Ethan Schaefer - #clampgod #clampsforlife
Headed to the gallery with a grid and some guts. My show Guts Coming and Going opens Friday! 😬 https://www.facebook.com/events/https://www.facebook.com/events/324135821270037/??ti=ia
UTK folks, this 3d printing workshop is coming up next week, a few spots left, holla back if you are interested in joining Amy LeFever and me on a rapid prototyping adventure.
Since arriving in Knoxville I've been working on some new stuff ... next weekend my show *Guts Coming and Going* is exhibiting at the UT Downtown Gallery. Honored to be Locate Arts top pick for Knoxville next weekend, check it out! :D http://locatearts.org/exhibitions/knoxville

THERE IS ALWAYS SOMEONE ASLEEP AND SOMEONE AWAKE
SOMEONE DREAMING ASLEEP SOMEONE DREAMING AWAKE
SOMEONE EATING SOMEONE HUNGRY
SOMEONE FIGHTING SOMEONE LOVING
SOMEONE MAKING MONEY SOMEONE BROKE
SOMEONE TRAVELING SOMEONE STAYING PUT
SOMEONE HELPING SOMEONE HINDERING
SOMEONE ENJOYING SOMEONE SUFFERING SOMEONE INDIFFERENT
SOMEONE STARTING SOMEONE STOPPING
THE NETWORK IS EVERLASTING*

*Excerpt from The Eternal Network, by Robert Filliou & George Brecht, 1970
time trees knock off supreme #timetreesknockoffsupreme
https://www.google.com/search?site=&tbm=isch&source=hp&biw=1920&bih=1001&q=time+trees+knockoff+supreme&oq=time+trees+knockoff+supreme&gs_l=img.3...13373.31095.0.31272.29.12.0.17.0.0.66.455.11.11.0....0...1ac.1.64.img..1.10.421...0j0i30k1j0i5i30k1j0i5i10i30k1j0i8i30k1.Qkacfp2MlEI#tbm=isch&q=time+trees+knock+off+supreme
lol 
hello world
Sadly, 97% of facebookers won't repost this. :(
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osR1jctb47Y
this website is a treasure trove. "A call for help delivered through alphabet soup letters can only be deciphered computationally by pouring the letters directly into the Bat Computer." ... but WAIT there's more, also in this episode, "Batman and Robin's reliance on computerized problem solving is tested when a woman's vanity causes the power to go out in the bat cave"


Lol wut - 
describe yourself in 3 fictional characters? my facebook account circa 2009, 2010, 2011, so on and so forth...
anybody ever use this stuff? 
Having fun with www.temboo.com libraries ... Built this Processing sketch to retrieve and store my facebook status updates from all time. It will load statuses from whoever logs in. This is the beginning of larger program for a work in progress ... #nothingbutnet
#messoclock
This guide looks good... 
Saturday like...
http://www.lauren-ruth.com/sculpture-performance/finishing-last/
polar bottle has a life guarantee, free cap replacement... mine was lost, so this helpful - FYI 
conversations with mom.. love you mom/Dawn
I smell like skunk today. Dog got sprayed.
Uh, I see now that TODAY is hump day.
is there an app that will let me point my iphone phone at some text and automatically add the date/time it sees to my ical? i tried googling but nothing
happy hump day.
Wompwhomp
Quiet night in the art (and architecture) building... Classes start tomorrow.
okay so, do you like printing over usb from computer or via SD card on your 3d printer? why or why not...
missing osu friends at start of semester, but i don't miss O-H-I-O. th!s p!c tho..
honored to have my video Déjà vu included in the synthetic zero blog ... a big collection with several contributors who seem to use the blog as an interface for carrying on a conversation with each other: https://syntheticzero.net/
uh, i can't remember the circumstances, but i dreamt last night that i missed the first day of school. #stressmuch
Miles favorite watering hole...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M2mx1gZqh1E
me everyday in my 20s... that hand reaching up at the end gets me every time.
i workout like ...
Regen Projects in LA hiring...
Sounds like my brother ... "I have absolutely no desire to communicate with you. You may not interface with me, nor do I wish to be downloaded by you. I should very much like to talk to you, to stare at the tip of your nose, to embrace you. But to communicate – for that I have no desire." — Ivan Illich in an interview (as quoted in ‘Against Global Communication’ by Dougald Hine originally published in Dark Mountain Blog). (via mythic-substrata)
Tom Friedman has described a pivotal point in which he cleared out his studio, boarded up all windows, painted everything white and brought into this clear white emptiness a series of mundane everyday objects from home, contemplated them and began to ask himself a series of questions about them starting with “A) Object…”. This is that full text. 
you like to level up?
#cruelandunusual
First woman... I was especially struck by the story of a woman older than her right to vote, pledging delegates for Clinton. Regardless of where and how you are walking party lines, the "first woman" part is exhilarating and something to be excited about. Though I consider #thefutureisfemale sentiment to be short sighted, I'm using it here... 💃💃🏻💃🏼💃🏽💃🏾💃🏿
tks Jeff 4 pic
New neighbor, "welcome to pill hill, your nearest pokestop is over there" ... 👉🏻
Made it to the house like...
<3
"...recent research suggests that Duchamp was not actually the source of ‘Fountain’. Instead, it is now being credited to the Baroness Elsa von Freytag-Loringhoven (née Plötz), the subject of an unfinished biography by Djuna Barnes. The baroness was a performance artiste, a multisexual kleptomaniac and scatologist in whose cheerfully obscene poetry we find coinages such as ‘Phalluspistol’ and ‘Kissambushed’."
uh, well, i'll stick with planting and watering myself. but i like it.
"(These) Caterpillars pupate into chrysalises, remaining in this state for up to several years before emerging as butterflies. While inside, their bodies liquefy and reform as completely new creatures." ... "The flourishing of local species is largely driven by restoring native habitats. Planting native flora host plants is an effective way to boost endemic butterfly populations. Weeding (to allow easier access to food sources) and avoiding pesticides is equally beneficial.

"Improving habitat for native fauna is something anyone can do," Wong says. "Conservation and stewardship can start in your very own backyard."
Feel the been 4vr - in the meantime, anybody but a trump.
Bionic merkin anyone? ;)
Happy to be home... Some of my favorite moments in video here, though most left unrecorded. I'm trying to walk a line between intrusive and curious.
I wish you were here... Walking around Shanghai in the rain.. Scarfed a gruesome dinner while watching a large fish sitting so still in some murky water in a big (almost) empty aquarium display. Mosquitos stalking me in the room. Dead fly on the bed. Delta got me spinning, China been wringing me out. #dripdrip
Been working on a project here Xi'an, walking the city via snail logic... It's a game/nonsensical city map. Anyways... While I was walking around the city yesterday, I found this piece of paper. No shit - I think I'm the little red ant with the green backpack... Ha.
"YOLO" Internet Bar... "You only live once" replaced by "you only live online" -- Also I re-watched Surrogates last night, what a terrible movie... But... Anyways.
A mess and the stack.
http://arachne.cc/index.html
Bernie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!'nnnnnnn
I just signed the papers, so I think it's official...I'm headed to University of Tennessee in Knoxville for a one year teaching/lecturer appointment! I'm so thrilled for this opportunity, and the possibility Knoxville will be warmer than Columbus! I cannot wait! Teaching and studio for the next year, yiiipppeeee!
Hey all, i'm in China, but my video "love in space, 123456" is headed to Houston, TX this weekend, to show in the Extremely Shorts Film Festival at the Aurora Picture Show! I don't think I know anyone down there, but just in case, check it out! 
The hotel staff moved my knife and scissors to sit slanted, when I had left them sitting straight. They know better.
❤️💙💗❤️❤️💖💝
Maria and I safe and sound in China… Can't wait for Dan's wedding on Saturday! #celebrationmode
This sound good, I hope they post it online! "As a harbinger of summer, their conversation alerts us to our place among all the other species on the planet."
just chipped in... you can too! #cybertwee
best VPN app for china, anyone?
just gonna put this here ... www.jesusfreakcruise.com
Myrtle is in good spirits, scaling windows at her new house in Baltimore!
Mom do you have my photo albums in your attic? I love you and wondering where all my photos of us are! 💙💚
#wutislove?
Me in 20 years, no doubt.
This isn't normal, in fact, becomings never are. Multi-species-becoming-with.. Or, How to live on a dying planet.
Potatoes, as seen on first floor of Hopkins Hall- new media robotics student keeping the faith in the final stretch! I need to find some of that energy, I'm still wrapping my own stuff up. Ugggddd...
https://www.facebook.com/help/131112897028467/
"#1 memorable moment" from Beyoncé's new album Lemonade first came across the lines in 1997 via Pipilotti Rist... It wouldn't be the first time Beyoncé borrowed imagery from artists before her... I like those politics. Liberate sans reference is the new world order. Not soon enough though, spent forever on my thesis bibliography.
Goodbye grad school.
RIP Chyna.
formatting thesis like - but anyways, submitted. #arewethereyet?
i was wearing a dress with flower print on the porch then all these bees showed up.
still tickets for tomorrow night... "Performers pass through ever-morphing states of physical entanglement and madcap scenes of distorted familiarity, with Driscoll’s choreography building new bodies, new stories, new ways of reimagining group experience. Staged in the round, the work presents a heightened sense of observation, invitation, and interdependence that is a joy to join in as it unfolds around you."
apparently in 10 years i make less sense than i do now. AMEN!
“When I suddenly see myself in the depths of the mirror, I take fright. I can scarcely believe that I have limits, that I am outlined and defined. I feel myself to be dispersed in the atmosphere, thinking inside other creatures, living inside things beyond myself. When I suddenly see myself in the mirror, I am not startled because I find myself ugly or beautiful. I discover, in fact, that I possess another quality. When I haven't looked at myself for some time, I almost forget that I am human, I tend to forget my past, and I find myself with the same deliverance from purpose and conscience as something that is barely alive. I am also surprised to find as I gaze into the pale mirror with open eyes that there is so much in me beyond what is known, so much that remains ever silent.”

― Clarice Lispector, Near to the Wild Heart
Free hh 353
[ht https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1410842311/the-future-is-now-volume-two]
“By the time you get close to the answers, it’s nearly all over.” Merle Haggard
does anyone know, is there a notary on campus?
FYI THE WEX BOX RIGHT NOW - 
Would you pay someone to come to your house and cook you a delicious meal using only the ingredients you have?
The bottom fish is spitting out a rock!  SeXXXyfish alive and well, dreaming of bigger housing. Tank Too small for goldfish, especially with the plants that just won't stop. Found someone to adopt..aww gonna miss these guys 🐟🐟🐟
#feelthebird
When the dove returned to him in the evening, there in its beak was a freshly plucked olive leaf! Then Noah knew that the water had receded from the earth. #biopresence #feelthebern #feelthebird
I had a really proud/happy moment when I walked into the undergrad juried exhibition to see two of my old video-students had won awards for work they made in my class. I can't wait to see how new media-robo class projects turn out, people are cranking on some really cool stuff with really hard tech, and learning so much - and i'm learning too. I'm lucky to be a part of it, even if it is as 8am, which has been torture for everyone. 4 weeks and counting ... but hopefully still teaching in the future.
tonight!
“Unpledged delegates exist really to make sure that party leaders and elected officials don’t have to be in a position where they are running against grassroots activists,” Wasserman Schultz calmly explained.
xoxo
I’ve never felt so close to my cat as the day I fell ill because his scratch on my skin left me with cat scratch fever.
The west is yet to come. #feelthebern
Have you said a prayer thanking the horseshoe crab today? "I don't know about you, but the idea that every single person in America who has ever had an injection has been protected because we harvest the blood of a forgettable sea creature with a hidden chemical superpower makes me feel a little bit crazy."
i am looking for an old video clip, found this instead. #tbt to 1 year ago when I was doing this, I guess.
Dem debate streaming on cnn now.
To follow up on my last post, plants know when they are being used as catheters instead of baby cribs and they don't like it!
#feelthebern
Come to the Werner at 4:30 today for Jill Magid's talk!
Tomorrow!!
New mood tonight. 
Should be writing. Mood tonight. Sonja made me think of u... New city and stuff..
Thank you Andrew Ina(!!!!!!) for such a *beautiful* video documenting the development of my MFA thesis work, Entanglement Is A Virtue [https://vimeo.com/156710001]. I am so lucky to be the subject of one of his short docs [see more https://vimeo.com/andrewina]. In the video you will also see my main advisor Amy Youngs helping me make sense of things.

The project is currently installed in the MFA thesis show notitleanytitle* through March 19th. Let me know if you want to see the work, as I have to be present to guide you through the experience (about 7 minutes). I am meeting some people out there this afternoon and again on Saturday, (11-2pm is booked, but anytime after that). LMK; also know, it will be installed in my studio after the show.

>> I have high stakes in reclaiming vision from the technopornographers, those theorists of minds, bodies, and planets who insist that technology is the sense made to realize the fantasies of the phallocrats. So, how appropriate this video begins with me clicking/surfing/buying around in the belly of the local/global monster in which I am gestating, (often called the postmodern world), where global technology appears to denature everything, to make everything a malleable matter of strategic decisions and mobile production and reproduction processes. A place where I hope my work produces not effects of distance, but effects of connection, of embodiment, and of responsibility for an imagined elsewhere that we may yet learn to see and build here. [ht haraway]
bernie just halted his speech in tulsa to get the room quiet while a medic is attending to someone. Brad you okay?
I had some explaining to do. Christie Whisman / nice tunic Maria :)
Chris turned on the lights then kicked us out... I would have run the project all night. Hugging Katie, or something.
I'm into it while still making sense of it... I think that's fair.
Remember that one time I locked myself out of my studio week of thesis install and I was totally running behind and panicking and then Axel V̛j̲̠͈̘͓̳ͅ ͍̣͕̀A͚͡x̖̤̭̻̰x̠̩͓̙ and some holes at the ceiling saved me from total demise? Yup.
tks for visiting ... i love the pics :D
My MFA thesis show title- as seen on notitleanytitle.com
First human test. Makes me sick to my stomach.
OSU is cold hearted or blooded. Either way...
🚪
Still available.
Keeping the thesis faith.
Anybody in Columbus know someone who can help with the data recovery from an SD card? It's for friend
Do you feel like something is missing in ur life? This is your answer, it "makes your home beautiful!"
Have any GTA's at OSU gotten parking permits to garages the semester? Campus park just treated me like I was the scum of the earth and said that they're not offering parking garage passes to graduates?! Did I just come in contact with a crazy person who is having a really bad day or is this really true?
I have to ask this of myself about my (art)work all the time, "do you believe?"
ARE YOU KIDDING ME HOW CUTE IS THIS 
What did I just see?
So pumped ... Gonna see premiere in Tulsa this weekend- my brother Caleb and friends cruizen all over the world!
i have to burn a dvd for a show, what are you guys doing this with these days?
free for the taking: "Because of your recent purchase from Amazon.com, you are receiving a promotion code redeemable for a free digital HD copy of Kung Fu Panda. The code will cover the full cost of this item." Your promotional code: 3KPL-8GJ284-9C79J9
In the spirit of Yoni's project I turned our chair into the switch for the bubbles in the fish tank. Someone or some cat turns on bubbles when they sit. 💃🏻👏🏻🎉🤗👯💪👾👻 I wonder if Mara notices...
Working is good. Resting is needed. Resting means not buying. Must look for countries that reward rest.
What, you don't know anyone that has left Denmark?
Your work is stressing you out? Take 3-4 months leave. Love, Denmark
Denmark 3 year maternity leave, unless you decide that is not enough then 4. And that's the icing, the icing.
I <3 Yoni's take on BioPRESENTS --> http://www.mazablaska.com/biopresents - see more Biopresence artworks from the Internet Art class tonight at the BioPresence Exhibition Reception :)
Throwback to that time my student's dog tried to eat Haraway's Companion Species Manifesto!
We are all cyborgs now. To the point where this reality no longer appears at all striking. As so perfectly pictured in Alex Rivera’s film Sleepdealer (2008), we are biological machines strapped to information machines which together function as war machines.
Take a look at the profile picture assigned to amazon martketplace (upper right) - ha.
mfa almost over. end of mfa. mfa. mf. fml. 
BUY NOTHING BEFORE IT IS SOLD OUT
Lulz
MFAs got the F outta town on football day.
who wants a free $50 restaurant.com gift card? i have, one don't want it
The fire department shut down my hallway community kitchen.
Been wanting to see this forever!!!
OMG ur EEG so dope. Jeremy's prototype looking good and feeling right.
Texas just did refugees a favor.
An encore performance!! So happy for Noah! They won big, BA took home the grand national title! What fun!
testing testing
Successes followed by immediate ...wtf? You can watch a fish plot a line in chatroulette right before my account gets banned for "inappropriate  content."
that's noah up top w/clarinet - BA going to grand national championships this weekend, can't wait to see them steal the show  ... :D some familia inspiration before review i'm not ready for on monday.
enrolling in final grad school semester, wtf and tyj.
blob tracking to mouse position/press in chatroulette chat box. gonna be bugs in the webcam feed next, for mote show coming up as part of a+t biopresence exhibition. max/msp is freaky fast, i patched this together in an afternoon.
The Internet’s Own Boy and a card game on Periscope. Internet Art class takes the form of the Internet, multiple tabs/windows/data streams, and maps it onto our activities to see how it makes or breaks our capacity for learning and exchange. This form almost always destabilizes what we are trying to do, sometimes to unproductive ends ... But sometimes...!!!! Sometimes things short circuit and we make a new sense of things. Today was not one of those days, so everyone has to watch the film this weekend. #productivedissonance #theinternetisouthere #internetart #artandtechosu #fail #nailedit #not
Vote for my brother!
Happening in Mansfield.
either need to clean off a table, or get more tables.
http://www.artandeducation.net/videos/ --> "Presenting lectures by Bernard Stiegler, David Harvey, Tiziana Terranova, Jonathan Beller and Christian Fuchs, Andrew McKinney's Video School concerns the relationship between technology, human labor, and everyday life in late capitalism. The program explores the differences and overlaps of each thinker's approach to the question of grammatization and the machinic recuperation of human labor and its impact on the production of value."
Found an Isabella Tiger Moth caterpillar in my basement studio... maybe it came to hang out with the Leopard Moth caterpillar overwintering here. Or, maybe it just came in from the outside looking for warmth. Doubt the latter though, these caterpillar's freeze solid in the winter, they survive by producing a cryoprotectant in their tissues. 
Take a one-of-a-kind trip with The Strange Eyes of Dr. Myes, the first feature from acclaimed animator Nancy Andrews. The campy, neo-underground cult movie combines live action and animation, as well as tropes from sci-fi, horror films, and Hollywood musicals, to tell the story of a rogue researcher attempting to graft animal senses onto her own. After a near-death experience, she alienates herself from the medical field with revolutionary attempts to expand human consciousness.
Been wanting to see this for a long time!!!!
10 Examples of Rotating Sets in Film

Featuring:

2001: A Space Odyssey (Stanley Kubrick, 1968)
Inception (Christopher Nolan, 2010)
Royal Wedding (Stanley Donen, 1951)
Close Encounters of the Third Kind (Steven Spielberg, 1977)
The Quiet Earth (Geoff Murphy, 1985)
All is Lost (J. C. Chandor, 2013)
The Boat (Eddie Cline, Buster Keaton, 1921)
A Nightmare on Elm Street (Wes Craven, 1984)
The Fly (David Cronenberg, 1986)
When the Clouds Roll By (Victor Fleming, 1919)
read [http://www.e-flux.com/journal/the-black-stack/] while you listen [https://soundcloud.com/selftitledmag/omg-japan-rare-experimental-japanese-pop-1980-1989#t=25:50]
hahahahaa
Thanks to Henry, my studio has a usable ceiling!
RIP Chantel Akerman
"but this claims to offer even more stats on your flow by, for example, alerting you via Bluetooth whenever your cup is full."
Overheard of the bus, "I didn't take many pictures on my trip, there was no wifi, so I was thinking, why take pictures if I can't post them? So, I didn't take many pictures because I couldn't them, ya know."
This finally stalled, and on the same day I'm putting the door back on. I'm on the same time and maybe trajectory as my things.
temboo + processing (and/or a bunch of other programs and hardware) = fun. if you want to get data from these places (below) in/out of your artworks, come to 3001 Internet Art Tuesday, 4-6:30pm to learn the basics. It is so easy it is almost dumb!

  CorpWatch
  DailyMed
  DataGov
  DonorsChoose
  DuckDuckGo
  EnviroFacts
  Facebook
  FedSpending
  Genability
  Google
  GovTrack
  Instagram
  NOAA
  NPR
  NYTimes
  SunlightLabs
  Tumblr
  Twitter
  Uber
  UnlockPlaces
  USPS
  YouTube AND SO MUCH MORE!! ERGMERHEGERD!
20 hours later... 80% done... The future is slow.
#NowPlaying "Carousel Ride" by Rubblebucket from Survival Sounds
Alexander Sawchuk estimates that it was in June or July of 1973 when he, then an assistant professor of electrical engineering at the University of Southern California Signal and Image Processing Institute (SIPI), along with a graduate student and the SIPI lab manager, was hurriedly searching the lab for a good image to scan for a colleague's conference paper. They got tired of their stock of usual test images, dull stuff dating back to television standards work in the early 1960s. They wanted something glossy to ensure good output dynamic range, and they wanted a human face. Just then, somebody happened to walk in with a recent issue of Playboy.
GAWD I LUV THE INTERNET I REALY REALLY DO
Teaching an Arduino workshop out at Mansfield campus next month. Made possible by Fuse Factory... Gonna be so fun!
teaching in the 21st century: 
Anybody have a favorite mini-projector they use?
me figuring out thesis: 
Lilli at night. She's off facebook.
Cracking the code. #qualitycontrol
the comments tho .. 
First Internet Art class met online. Only a few technical troubles, and only one troll. A++++++
The only way to start grad school last year, go to "new graduate" resource fair and get all the free goodies, plus 10 free drinks for later.
I'm dumping/ giving away a bunch of material and electronics and stuff ... Today Hopkins hall 353 ...539-664-0553
It's Friday night... Hard to tell... But things are on the move.
We (me) have to learn to be both artists and technologists, in the process we pledge to put the work first, to learn the technology as we go, or even after the fact.
Officially a member of the Vermiculture Makers Club! With @amy_youngs #wormculture
Oklahoma born and bred: Chelsea Manning, the Guardian columnist and whistleblower responsible for one of WikiLeaks most important releases, has been in jail for five years facing an unjust 35 year sentence for exposing some of the U.S. governments worst abuses.

Now, Chelsea is being threatened with indefinite solitary confinement, and the "charges" against her demonstrate that her basic human rights are being violated. Chelsea requested that her hearing be made open to the public, but officials refused.

Chelsea's alleged "crimes" include: sweeping some food onto the floor and then asking to speak to her lawyer when a guard confronted her, having books and magazines in her cell about politics and LGBTQ issues including the Vanity Fair issue with Caitlyn Jenner on the cover, and "improper medicine use" for having a tube of toothpaste that was past its expiration date.

It couldn't be more blatant: Chelsea is being singled out and punished for speaking out.

Chelsea is a human being. She did something brave and now the government is punishing her for it. It's not just Chelsea's basic rights that are at stake, it's all of ours. Please sign the petition, and then share it on social media. This couldn't be more urgent; the hearing is just days away. If it's not open to the public and the press, there will be no way to ensure that Chelsea isn't unfairly subjected to one of the worst forms of psychological torture.
the only application fees i've paid this year were for art opportunities in/around columbus, ohio... WTF?! - "paying to play" in your own town (where you are a student) is pretty weird if you ask me.
One year ago today I was hustling second hand wares on the streets of the night markets of Taipei... Who wants to start Columbus' first night market?
I wonder if this will change the way the game is approached... Tess Elliot
Does anyone in Columbus have any seven-sement LED displays?! I FORGOT TO ORDer NOW WILL PAY ANOTHER ARM AND LEG TO SHIP WEIGHTLESS ELECTRONICS FML 
SUMMER STUDIO STYLE 2015 ***!!!~~~~~
http://endless.horse/
A must see on phone! So cool
Working the night shift.
Guess i'm not the only one ...
summer cleaning ... i overhauled my website - do u think the text is too small? http://jessicaann.info/
The rise of the vectoralist class ... “In 2015 Uber, the world’s largest taxi company owns no vehicles, Facebook the world’s most popular media owner creates no content, Alibaba, the most valuable retailer has no inventory, and Airbnb the world’s largest accommodation provider owns no real estate.”
Working on my site, trying to find a semi-professional picture of myself "working" for a/b page ... but, all I can find is this.
Anyone in Columbus want a free bag of ground white coffee from WA?
one of the most important things to come to me while at OSU (so far) was my introduction to clarice lispector, tks to Nayeon Yang ;0) ---> "The connection between literature and witchcraft has long been an important part of the Clarice mythology, which endures even now, nearly forty years after her death."
underneath my wireless router: a pile of ants tending to a pile of ant eggs. ants are relocating now.
if ur around come say hi. 353.
"It turns out that getting the animals to sync their brains wasn't actually all that difficult."
Lost my yellow tape, no problem I'll use kitten stickers.
Arduino shield I designed came in the mail, and it works! Will look even cooler when fancy wire connectors arrive.
The 3rd realm is not for knowing, but sometimes it lets us look.
People of Spokane, you can sing pretty pretty pretty good. #karaoke
My little brother is out for the count due to a knee injury, send your good healing vibes his way. I like this video a lot, gives you a sense of what it's like to hang out for a night and skate. Skaters are some of the most committed artists I know. Lucky to have one in the family, the shirtless blondie, watch and enjoy .... <3 Caleb Get better soon!
Just 15 miles from Spokane 🌲🌲🍃🌾🍃🌿🌻
Was looking all over for gears.. It's a freaking knob. Haha
Designed my first custom circuit board today. The wirey mess at left, will soon be replaced with my new custom arduino shield at right. No more wires! And, it has my name on it ...hehe. Taking my board-game to the next level at the Laboratory
City life?! I spy Summer ducklings. #spokane
Boom. Praise be to cardboard and tape. #studiois2200milesaway
One week in and first Max/MSP patch based program is running well (at least as far as I can tell!! I'm sure installation will prove bugs abound). Found max to be quite finicky, but overall pretty impressive video capabilities. Doing a couple things here, 0) playing a video stream, 1) listening for incoming data from Processing about brainwaves from OpenBCI, 2) doing some fancy stuff to decide if brainwave frequencies from two different people having been similar over time, 3) recording audio/video from video stream if participant's brainwaves are matching, 4) playing back a new video mashup from newly generated clips. It is doing all that at once?! And it doesn't even crash!!! KOOL BEANZ! #openbci #maxmsp #jitter
Spokane in the membrane!
First week in Spokane is wrapping up. Happy to say I am porting brainwave data into Max/MSP no problem, and with hardly any lag. Mixed up a patch today to update camera blur on the fly according to wave readings, (my computer is keeping up at about 18fps). Attached is a screen shot of it in action, kind of little action to be seen though. ... Scheming up the work I will make with this. >> Also, loving Spokane. It is a really wonderful city!
electrode earrings! #biofeedback
Summer studio in Spokane... 🌸
Finally made it to Spokane for a residency/month long biofeedback cinema boot camp. But first, a nap.
⏳001
Noah Bagley... The Bagley with the least inhibitions
💜 "you gotta post it" -dad
MAD MAX THIS WEEKEND! Until then .. Inspector General w/Danny Kaye.
** "I'm set" ** summer 1997 #tbt
Getting ready for Summer migration ... 🚗
$100 camera + $40 in custom electronics = personal video booth.
Tada! 🔌📹⏳
One year ago Beau asked if I could put together some "video booth" guts. Then randomly, The Page Collective asked me to do the same a couple days ago. Lucky for TPC I had already tried all the hard ways for Beau (i.e. raspberry pi [fail]) .... sooooo... just rigged this up. Now to transfer it onto some PCB board cause this breadboard situation is pretty bad.
Woohoo! Just booked my airplane ticket to Spokane, WA - headed there for the month of June to work on Biofeedback Cinema at the Laboratory Residency. Washington friends, maybe I finally visit u!
any tips for getting the best deal on rental cars?
https://www.google.com/search?q=ernesto+caivano+after+the+woods&espv=2&biw=1302&bih=778&tbm=isch&tbo=u&source=univ&sa=X&ei=X2ZJVavGL9WqyASqxYD4Bw&ved=0CB0QsAQ&dpr=1.8#imgrc=9mhv2Gsq6dsaQM%253A%3BohrjPaes3As7gM%3Bhttp%253A%252F%252F1.bp.blogspot.com%252F_HrtSt9PGEG4%252FTJ9H6oTBuTI%252FAAAAAAAACTg%252FNixXAU34cws%252Fs1600%252FCaivano%252B2.jpg%3Bhttp%253A%252F%252Fjameshoodillustration.blogspot.com%252F2010%252F09%252Fernesto-caivano.html%3B953%3B768
Homemade filter for creepy effects.. Or something.
I just played UNIT by Blake Turner - one hour interactive film/game/narrative/book. Check it out!
I love surprises! 🎉🎂
No idea - there is no fail there is only make. Hahahaha, ya right!
tonight! "From taxidermied birds, to rockstar mites, and novel interactions with ducks, this 50 minute program includes 15 short students films. All were produced by undergraduate students in Art & Technology courses, who were responding creatively to the BioPresence #AnimalOSU theme."
The sour truth was delicious!
Sam takes looking very seriously... #datbootytho
It reminds us of something but we can't figure it out.
Making new shit- thanks to expert help from Henry Scott!
Con "Will have to say thesis topic out loud"
My moving image class worked hard and slayed the final. Just a few highlights here..
Conveyor to nowhere...
All things go..... Slomo.
it's happening ...
#oldschool
“He’s trying to figure us out"
Worms and immortality... Happening now...
Caterpillar transformed to chrysalis today, so I tested my question: Can I measure changes in electrical activity inside of the chrysalis using OpenBCI? Turns out I can! So, I connected the *chrysalis & myself* to a robot arm ... when I enter a state of concentration with my eyes closed I produce alpha waves and the robot arm moves to the right. If/when the chrysalis exhibits similar wavelengths the arm moves left. It actually worked! At seemingly random times, (and without any interference with the chrysalis), the chrysalis would produce wavelengths akin to alpha waves, thus triggering the motion of the robot arm to the left. 

At one point nothing was happening for awhile so I leaned in and asked the chrysalis "what are you thinking?" Just at that moment its wavelengths triggered the motion of the robot arm... [w/lilli as my witness]

see video: https://youtu.be/pui5MbiKYeA 
#biometricChrysalisVIDEOZ
Today, with the utmost care, I connected a butterfly chrysalis to my OpenBCI system... #the3rdrealm - will post a video soon! 🔬
New number: 5396640553 - text me if you can cause I ain't go numbers. Old phone died really hard yesterday.
If I teach Digital Imaging in the Fall I will play this at the beginning of every class, ya know, to get people in the mood TO PHOTOSHOP!  
FINALLLLLLYYYYYY - turning a led on with my brainwaves via OpenBCI
Upcoming Science Sunday at OSU: 

Craig Mellow - A Worm's Tale: Secrets of Evolution and Immortality
April 12, 2015 - Wexner Film/Video Theater, 3-4 pm

"...Humans cannot conceive of or understand the implications of such a timescale, and consequently, always underestimate living things." 


Extra credit demo day was awesome... There was a dog, RPG maker tutorial, compression and painting demos... But everyone agrees the highlight was the diabolo Chinese yoyo:
http://www.icaboston.org/exhibitions/exhibit/william-kentridge/ “the refusal was a refusal of the European sense of order imposed by time zones; not only literally, but this refusal also referred metaphorically to other forms of control as well."
told you so. also, wait for it ... the buff girls are coming.
A student missed classed today because they were catching cockroaches. I don't know whether to be upset or proud.
is there a good box store in columbus?
0:50 
someone dropped a big box of free stuff under my little free stuff box. it includes some DVD gems... it also included a brand new rainbow wig (http://www.amazon.com/Ayumi-Rainbow-Blend-Curly-Bangs/dp/B00K4MM8M2/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1427752564&sr=8-2&keywords=curly+neon+rainbow+wig), but i snagged that.
omg, that was torture. landscape architecture 7401 kicking my ass. Julie i finally finished! HAHAAHA ;_;
So we meet again.
in case u forgot: 
a sermon for your sunday. https://vimeo.com/97663518

Anthropocene, Capitalocene, Chthulucene: Staying with the Trouble
by Donna Haraway

Sympoiesis, not autopoiesis, threads the string figure game played by Terran critters. Always many-stranded, SF is spun from science fact, speculative fabulation, science fiction, and, in French, soin de ficelles (care of/for the threads). The sciences of the mid-20th-century “new evolutionary synthesis” shaped approaches to human-induced mass extinctions and reworldings later named the Anthropocene. Rooted in units and relations, especially competitive relations, these sciences have a hard time with three key biological domains: embryology and development, symbiosis and collaborative entanglements, and the vast worlds of microbes. Approaches tuned to “multi-species becoming with” better sustain us in staying with the trouble on Terra. An emerging “new new synthesis” in trans-disciplinary biologies and arts proposes string figures tying together human and nonhuman ecologies, evolution, development, history, technology, and more. Corals, microbes, robotic and fleshly geese, artists, and scientists are the dramatis personae in this talk’s SF game.
:::topoecology:::
new age HD painting techniques.
i think it likes me (it's tracking my face)... >> robot arm alive and well, going to incorporate it into biofeedback cinema. pan and tilt just got pwned!
Studio Rat is *LIVE* once again, this time with improved camera controls. Also, it occurred to me to power the candy machine motor right from the board instead of an additional power supply (spring cleaning continues). 
so, today i learned that your computer's time/clock has a lot to do with how it interacts with sites on the internet.
http://starwarsmodern.blogspot.com/2010/06/future-of-art-rosalind-krauss-is-jedi.html
Looking for a buddy in Tulsa to pick up my artwork from Glitch/Analog show at Living Arts of Tulsa on Friday March 27 & Saturday March 28, 1-5pm. DM ME if u can. <3
Working on The Instant Now catalog with Bill, he showed me the trailer for The Saddest Music in the World, it stars an amputee who keeps beer in who leg. <3 "if you're sad and like beer, i'm your lady"
Been in studio all day, 70F breeze is energizing. Got sidetracked taking apart electronics... Then made a joystick controlled puppet track for Tara [3 years later]out of an old bubble jet printer... .
https://vimeo.com/38026163 -- "I had a quest to see or film something that i could not imagine." <3 the green ray, Tacita Dean
does anyone have old and/or broken umbrellas they don't want? i need the armatures.
http://www.cohenvanbalen.com/work/h-alcutaau "Precious metals and stones were mined out of technological objects and transformed back into mineral form." <3
omg, thank you diana!


need more midnight oil.
Dear All, 

You are invited to join me this Friday for a FREE WWWSITE WORKSHOP & WORKOUT. I will be presenting a comprehensive class on how to build and publish a beautiful portfolio website. No coding or html will be required. We will be using Adobe Muse, (imagine photoshop but for websites). 

This will also be the world premiere of my new demo framework: a combination of demo and dance, we will burn calories and build websites to a selection of music with good beats.

FREE AND OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
FRIDAY, MARCH, 13th @ 11:00am - 1:00pm
HOPKINS HALL RM 156

PLEASE SEND YOUR RSVP to JESSICA ANN / ann.7@osu.edu

Brought to you by the OSU Art & Tech Club
http://u.osu.edu/artandtechclub/
spoiler alert:  my MFA research will culminate in a new mode of time measurement based on the networked consciousness of myself and a butterfly chrysalis.
OITNB S2 E13 <3
"the story of 17th-century German naturalist and illustrator Maria Merian, whose studies of butterfly metamorphosis are among the most important contributions to the field of entomology in the history of science and forever transformed natural history illustration."
"A tragicomic day in the life of a man who struggles for equality in a mirror-image society dominated by women."
homesick
My video Borderlines will be showing in NYC later this month as a part of AXW: Wednesday MARCH 25 , 2015 — 6:00pm at Anthology Film Archives, 2nd Avenue & 2nd Street, New York, NY - More info: http://anotherexperimentbywomenfilmfestival.com/ - Check it out if you are in town, or watch online: http://axwonline.com/
http://poolside.fm/ all day today - gotta get ready ... warmer temps are on the horizon.
this chore has been a long time coming. Blah.
"Free box" takes on a life of its own, someone left a big tub full of old photo supplies!
updated my webSITE with all the the latest and greatest biofeedback cinema documentation, ***ALLSSOO**** added a new video "love in space, 123456" ----> http://jessicaann.info/ <3
YPG Kurdish Fighter in Kobane [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/People%27s_Protection_Units]
"We still aren't totally sure what the hell is going on, though. Dr. Neitz seemed really fascinated by it, though."
holy crap!! "While practicing her comedic chops in the improv group Second City, Poehler “starred” in a very strange TV pilot called RVTV where she played a free-styling and fast-typing cyber criminal."
all the ways you were looking forward
look up instead.
https://vimeo.com/120401488 - I used to wake up at 6am to watch power rangers before my mom woke up because we weren't allowed too ... hehehehe ...---> "Deboot of the Power Rangers. My take on the FAN FILM. Not a pilot, not a series, not for profit, strictly for exhibition. This is a bootleg experiment not affiliated or endorsed by Saban Entertainment or Lionsgate nor is it selling any product. I claim no rights to any of the characters (don't send me any money, not kickstarted, this film is free). This is the NSFW version. An alternate safe version is on youtube."
Chris Harvey hooked me up!!!!
me leaving my house today: 
Someone dumped some serious goodies in the free box. Room 353, get it while it's hot!
maybe their winter spirit will rub off on me... [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V1pOjj49d9Y]
anyone in columbus know how to do cats cradle string things?
mika rottenberg and jon kessler "seven", maybe one of my favorite pieces of ALL TIME! ALLLLLLLL TTTIME! talking about it in class tonight, check it out: 
Received a care package from my mom and my dad in the same week! Feeling loved, but also feeling freezing, can you send warmer temps? I actually dreamed about warm weather last night.
"Is the apparent magic of new technologies a proof of their prowess, or more an indicator of our own ignorance of how things work? And what happens when that “magic” isn’t a benevolent sorcerer, but an unwelcome ghost haunting our devices?"
my new outfit until it gets warmer (i wish) 
creativity is for people with glasses who like to lie. -ron swanson
Artist talk from Andrew Wood today! Followed by screening of Whispering Pines Pt 7 by Shana Moulton! So, pretty good class today.
A Critical History of Computer Graphics and Animation - 
finished my first animation test, to see if i was drawing enough frames per second. i guess i am .. but crap, i'm gonna have to pick up the pace if this is going to ever going to get made. but, i think this will be a good break from tech. i have no energy for electronics ... something about the frigid temps i think.
how this semester is going so far: 
i'm in. 
<3
Cell phone photo better than none! See my "Machinic Manifestions of Memory Loss" at Living Arts of Tulsa in GLITCH/ANALOGOUS, reception Feb 6th. Read more: http://www.reddirtreport.com/entertainment/upcoming-tulsa-art-show-combines-old-and-new-technologies
"small portals" by Catherine Lee #animalosu #biopresence #studentwork 
I think I'm in a magic class...
"Genitals mean nothing. Bodies, even less."
black mirror O_o
https://vimeo.com/58723358
the only people on my wall complaining about the new ghostbusters are dudes.
AHHHH been trying to remember this artist like two years now!!!!
Columbus friends, you might like Oklahoma... 77F today!
the area in the black rectangle is when my eyes were closed .... !? its true.
Making a mess
Tess Elliot
Moving Image class field trip --> lots to photo and video ...
uh, that moment when someone else already wrote/made your thesis. via Blake ... > 
holy crap, via Sarah Goetz "Barbie's new book tells girls they need boys to code for them. Help Barbie be the competent, independent, bad-ass engineer that she wants to be." ---> 
lulz
:D
FREE 3D printing pilot at the Digital Union --> Read more: 
Some of the most amazing seeds in the world!
Happening in a few!
Who is she... I want to know more.
"do you even sport?" -John ....... and this: always this: 
do i really need to remain entirely human any longer?
my little brother caleb getting it ... the beginning is classic bagley behavior :/ ---hehe
Clean slate.
A must read... If you want to know where Christmas comes from... Welll, that's not entirely true, the amazon distribution centers are just a pit stop for stuff, our stuff. Stuff.
I melted the contacts right off... Here's hoping some conductive glue will save me.
"I always wondered who shops at radio shack"-mom
Sliced for sandwiches, towered for fun. #winning
"They Fought Like Demons goes on to explore the complex motivations, realities, and untold stories of women who fought as, and fought like, men, reminding us that omission is as much a tool of political oppression in the construction of cultural mythology as propaganda."
Her, The Sequel::::
Alexa most definitely works for the NSA!!!!!!!!
Headed to Tulsa time 🎄🎁🎆
holy moly
I read tonight is longest night in the history of earth - later, while you are waiting for the sun to come up, check out https://vimeo.com/ondemand/speciesism and:
If you are in Tulsa tonight check out my little brother in Steady Cruisen Premiere!!! Sorry I'm missing it Caleb, i love u!!! TRAILER: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQH24vJm66I
finishing up pi video recorder for Beau Leland :D
Epic movie night in store...
Happy monday! Oh wait, it's Wednesday.. http://youtu.be/bcnIhzaDTd0
Blue show advertisement...come at 7pm..
Blocking Blue Space .. Pop up show tomorrow night only! 7-9Pm on N High and Wilcox
"I believe in a nonlinear way of editing fragments, but not so much in the postmodern idea of collage. We are not thinking in terms of projection, but in terms of scenario. We are not even thinking of process, but in terms of jump cuts and vibrating time. The notion of time has crashed into this immediacy: the now. We act in this fold of the present, an exponential present." -PH
i posted this two years ago? this is still one of my favorite internet finds ...
If you're around Hopkins "portal" is on the 4th floor, big crawl through video installation by Ryan and Rachael...
Break from reading for a lecture with Bill...
torture report read along at CHARTER  tonight/now... join me online at 
Not sure what to say, I guess reading is a start: The Torture Committee Report. //Over 20 percent of CIA detainees were "wrongfully held." One was an "intellectually challenged" man who was held so the CIA could get leverage over his family (p. 12)//: 
I'm going analog for the Charter show tomorrow night... A bunch of us are setting.stuff in.an old unused charter school... 7pm 2030 Leonard Ave.
:-)
It's a mad house as usual, art and tech show .... also, biofeedback with Katie Miller reading from Chronology.
Nayeon Yang all over and biofeedback too ... the arts department took over The Lantern today, yipppee!! Read more online: http://thelantern.com/2014/12/department-exhibit-to-showcase-electrifying-art-and-technology/
I lent companion species manifesto to a student, his dog chewed up the corner! How perfect is this?! :-)
does anyone in columbus have a mac OS install disk? i think i can mount my own if i need to, but time is money and money is pizza and pizza is knowledge ... so...
join me... Planetarium Animation Show:
"drivers ed for the information superhighway" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IzqMrhG50q0#t=122 - the sound bites in this thing are amazing.. "there are literally thousands of things you can do on the internet"
christmas came early!!! so excited! OpenBCI has arrived! Time to ceremoniously burn the neurosky! well..after art and tech show.:P
Um, wow... Three months later...
"The Creeping Garden is a feature length creative documentary exploring the work of fringe scientists, mycologists and artists, and their relationship with the extraordinary plasmodial slime mould."
Ohio State University's Department of Art now accepting MFA applications!
It's hard for me to believe I was in Madrid, Spain a week ago exhibiting the results of the biofeedback cinema collaboration at Medialab-Prado! Will publish the documentation asap. WHAAAtttt------*** Back in my studio for now, but you better believe I am PLANNING MY NEXT ESCAPE!
" ...This is the heated battle between crappy, but lovable robots."
Spaceship Chrysalis deinstall- not sure where I landed, but it's all good: new year soon.
USAUSAUSAUSUSAUASUSAUAUS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvDVyqgaAFo --> nice song for a descent, and in this case a return too... hi columbus.
Madrid kicked our asses last night! Can't believe I go home tomorrow.
Yyyeeaa, these guys are making a box for the biofeedback cinema system to fit on tripod head! Salud will wear it later today for a live performance/demo. #interactivos
The other name of my project is "two idiots one keyboard" -http://youtu.be/u8qgehH3kEQ -
That one time i carried a monitor all over madrid because i was desperate to work at night. But then I googled VNC and my life changed.
ya!! help support my friend's norman art space...
Remote controlling raspberry pi with VNC just put me in a really good mood.
#inspaininthemembrane
MediaLab is closed? No prob, we will work from home!
An exhausting and stressful day, though filled with some critical successes.
My prototype traveled across an ocean and still works.
1/10 days ... Python programmer on my project! Awww yea! #interactivos #inspaininthemembrane
Oh.. Ya...
Arrived in one piece... Barely!
Headed to MediaLab-Prado in Madrid to develop Biofeedback Cinema at their Interactivos workshop. I'm pretty pumped, first time in europe! Beau i promise I'll send your pi camera setup soon! Yiippeee- ✈️
Our new girl band is called *washed up/out* - mostly experimental disco breathing with a splash of neo-acoustic-poop-train.
Um, sort of.
http://youtu.be/X7GvZYin2nY
Sunday recap:
"Do you top off windshield wiper fluid?" ... I only ask because I don't want them to, they don't put in sub zero fluid... Jiffy lube guy angrily says "YOU GET NOTHINg YOU gOT VALUE SERVIcE!" Uhh, thanks? I can't even afford the value service ya jerk! And good, cause I don't want ur crappy fluid that freezes!!!
RIP dELIA*s
Sneaking around on a Sunday and making shit.
🚀show opens tonight... See you there I hope! 6-10
Park in back, use ramp, come back to $40 ticket. Campus park is out of (#%#($&#(#*$ control. In better news, I saw a pack of Santas.
1 Week Fr: Today
this saturday:D
o o o | o o o o
Ways of Something, all 30 minutes online: 
Rolling...
Proof it works- upon install, well who knows!!!
Updating some old school style headsets for upcoming show - got 3 of these for a .25 back at OU surplus. I miss that place!
Some version(s) of this video will be at Spaceship Chrysalis show opening next Saturday, Nov 1﻿ - hope to see u there ... in the meantime enjoy this transmission .. >>//.
Happening now!
$5
Spaceship Chrysalis is all mapped  out - project builds are progressing without too much pain - see you on the other side.... Show opens nov 1st! JESSICA ANN: SPACESHIP CHRYSALIS
not surprised, my ex-slumlord manages this place, he's a nightmare and so are his campus properties.
()
David this made my day, especially the end where you weirdly zoom in on Noah's face, i laughed out loud on that one. Hey, maybe turn the camera horizontally next time?! <3<3<3 
kind of gross coffee for free until it's gone, room 353 <3
Haha almost
https://38.media.tumblr.com/b7a552b9783cfb6fc6abc236593d2c71/tumblr_nctvb5IEdv1tx62nqo1_500.gif
Anyone in columbus want to come aboard the soap shard project and help us with design? We have no money to pay you. w/the Temp Collective and Blake Turner
can't feel my fingers, 60F in studio.
Someone go with me to Code Camp ... Oct 11th - FREE
Port-a-potty flying high on campus. 💩
someone come tell me ... what happened to me on the 4th floor this weekend. because i have no idea.
🎥
It's happening, a person deposited something into the FREE box!
3 (reported) rapes on campus in the past 2 days. It might be time to begin production on my light-siren drone backpack.
decoupaging tinfoil. seems legit.
Bleh, kind of works.
8.5 hours later.. :)
Full speed ahead x4...
Escaped!
My hands are so freaking cold in the freezing studio... thermostat says 67F...LIES!!!!
Ghost on the bus!
Laurie Anderson and Kronos Quartet October 11th via Wex! 
http://www.papermag.com/2014/09/ayson_musson_alex_da_corte_easternsports.php
"Had it passed, the bill would have made it illegal for employers to retaliate against workers who inquire about or disclose their wages or the wages of other employees in a complaint or investigation. It also would make employers subject to civil actions by employees who feel aggrieved. As part of the bill, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission would be required to collect pay information from employers."
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVke__4OZ-0
I waited as long I could... Balloons are still mostly inflated!!! Deinstall... :)
<3<3<3 ---> "Among other things, this project proposes a rubric of value based on search speed. I heard you can find fifty-four Emerson Jumbo Universal remotes in 0.34 seconds. It took me seventy-one days to find my second Emerson Jumbo Universal remote, buried in a gray bin in a garage in Kingston, NY. When I grabbed it out of the pile I was flooded with feeling. Now you tell me that remote isn’t one of the most valuable things I own.

This is a collection of duplicate items I gathered piece by piece. This is a collection of multiples assembled without using the Internet."
The woman who was found being raped in a garage near my old neighborhood, before the attack she WAS ON THE BUS, SHE WAS KICKED OFF FOR NOT WEARING SHOES BECAUSE HER FLIP FLOPS BROKE!!!! WTF COLUMBUS.. WTF
Job Opening at OSU ... The position is an Associate/Assistant Professor of Art, focused in photography. 
#tbt to show install (tks for the pic Bill / Katrina)- Show comes down tomorrow! Like I said, Nothing Lasts Forever, all we have is The Instant Now. Show map & info at http://theinstantnow.org.ohio-state.edu
Sonja, the world's first "funeral rat helicopter".
This cabinet is going to the trash by Thursday-- any takers? It's in Hopkins 160
"NanoRacks is reporting that it's an electrical problem with the control box, but I know better. I hadn't considered that the International Space Station would be the starting point of Skynet, nor that it would demonstrate its sentience by ejecting microsatellites to spread its awareness across a distributed network of sensors, but that is absolutely the best theory to explain what's going on."
This is staying afloat a lot longer than I anticipated.... :D
We wandered and hijacked this room in the union for a studio visit - on the wall it said "thinkers, believers, doers" - hahahaha.
https://vimeo.com/102551959
"this chain-linking behavior, which appears to show a Southeast Asian species of Leptogenys ants, is completely new to science"
Video highlights from THE INSTANT NOW.
Nothing Lasts Forever, but maybe that's ok? - Balloons, helium, and used thrift store lingerie - @ The Instant Now MFA Exhibition Autumn 2014.
Alana Yon took us to an old basement in a greenhouse on West campus, her piece was inside, it was pretty awesome down there.
Bus tour of the show begins! Full house!
Today I chewed off all my nails, and, this...whatever this is!!!! Ahhhh. come see tomorrow at the instant now opening.
It all starts tomorrow at 3pm - see the work online at http://tinyurl.com/theinstantnow - more pictures coming soon (hopefully)
I tried everything, Seagate hard drive is a goner. Anyone in Columbus recommend data recovery service? At least I didn't lose too much, just some videos that were crap anyways. Universe probably doing me a favor actually. :/
"For now, the slightly unsatisfying takeaway from the new science would seem to be that if you like breakfast, fine; but if not, don’t sweat it. “I almost never have breakfast,” Dr. Betts said. “That was part of my motivation for conducting this research, as everybody was always telling me off and saying I should know better.” Based on the results of these studies, he said his habits won’t change."
No dolly but plenty of trash cans.
Everyday i'm hustlin' / the goods ($3 for glass phone charms at a thrift store near hotel) / the night (massive night market maze) / got my first 100 ($$$)
Finally got the guts to join the other side of market life... :D Thank you Jennifer Wang for the sign! It worked perfectly! I think this was the most fun i've had yet.
It was their dining room, it was their restaurant, it was my favorite (and most delicious) meal here. I came here for a great collision and I got it, and in the process my reconstruction. Sad to leave but ready to go. Only a few more days now!
“Imperial ideas transform time into space. Nomadic ideas, on the other hand, tend to understand time as a multiplicity of times. These times—tribes of monads—are autonomous from each other, each one obeying its own laws. (The notion of a single spatialized time is linked to the historical appearance of the State.) The Rarámuri, for example, developed a model based on the existence of more than one internal time, sustaining the existence of various “souls” that simultaneously co-existed within the human body. While the Huichol believe that when a pair of nomad groups meet two different times collide. This understanding of time not only functions to plumb the profound nature of the human animal but also to impede the formation of a unitary political order, a system of centralized control.”
— 	Heriberto Yépez, Empire of Neomemory

I assigned a rather non-traditional, material based art history final in five parts But look what someone turned in for part II... <3<3<3 :D:D:D
...
When I'm not dying from self induced exhaustion, this is a lot of fun! Also, surprised by what grabs their attention; Beuys? Cool. #arthistory #taipei
Ratz!!! <3
jan/usb slots crapped out on laptop, may/hard drive crashed and burned in desktop, today/sd card slot dead in laptop. [http://media2.giphy.com/media/147PwMab2ZO74I/giphy.gif]
if you say so ... :/
The most beautiful spam, ever.
Spaghetti from 7-Eleven, suspiciously tasty.
I asked the hotel staff where I could buy a used bicycle, three days later a brand new bicycle exactly my size was furnished for me to borrow whenever.... 💜💜💗
🎪
Taipei, I love you so much. This might be the best thing I have EVER seen.
I was just walking around then I saw a parade.
Racing the sun up this morning with dad.. We're winning!
"How do blueberries come out of plants?"
I was just redirected to "download palace" - I think today is gonna be alright.
updated http://jessicaann.info - now i'm trying to figure out what's next. AHhhhhhhhhhhHHHh.
5:30am?! As good a time to ride as ever..
"ocean plastic has become its own ecosystem"
“…What I want happens 
not when the deer freezes in the shade
and looks at you and you hold very still
and meet her gaze but in the moment after
when she flicks her ears & starts to feed again.”

- from “Santa Lucia” by Robert Hass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dYUZmsfm4Ww&feature=kp 
"In VIVE L'AMOUR, a woman is walking through a park under construction in Taipei. Five years after seeing the film, I went to Taipei myself to see that park and to walk that lane. It started to rain. And the rain became so strong that I had to stay one hour under a kind of shelter. A prisoner in the park, I finally could connect the film and the space in an intense way" (Gonzalez-Foerster, http://www.dgf5.com) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hY4Nv8KKrj4 
This is the stuff of my nightmares. https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10152496312697629&id=8376212628
Make shift summer studio is pretty comfy, thanks mom!
my life
Key out colors in your video phone --- freeeee --- yippee ---http://to.be/camera
Summer 2014 can't go wrong.
Anyone in Tulsa interested in partaking in an unsolicited public art project at Hunter Park? There is a big pile of logs prime for reorganization. I don't think we'd get arrested.
one of my favorites on the list, "All those moments... will be lost in time, like tears in the rain. Time... to die..."
Oklahoma Arts Institute at Quartz Mountain has one week to raise funding for their film equipment this summer! All gifts will be matched by Continental Resources, so your gift has double the impact. Pass it on!
https://vimeo.com/16992326, featuring: 

Jean-Luc Godard
Paul Morrissey
Mike De Leon
Monte Hellman
Romain Goupil
Susan Seidelman
Noël Simsolo
Rainer Werner Fassbinder
Werner Herzog
Robert Kramer
Ana Carolina
Maroun Bagdadi
Steven Spielberg
Michelangelo Antonioni
Wim Wenders
Yilmaz Güney
Jumped up to 30 miles on the bicycle tonight, 50 miles I'm coming for ya. Whose going with me? Hit me up if you want to ride. I'm in Tulsa four more weeks!
oooooo
anyone know where i can buy a raspberry pi in Tulsa, OK?
Caught in the rain, no prob, just stretch. Also, dad likes cycling more than running because it's more dangerous.
“Don’t be afraid to be confused. Try to remain permanently confused. Anything is possible. Stay open, forever, so open it hurts, and then open up some more, until the day you die, world without end, amen.”
— George Saunders, The Braindead Megaphone
Industry never takes a break, but we do.
First date with my new boyfriend, he kissed my hand ... so sweet ... well, i programmed him to do that. Thanks dad for a pretty sweet birthday present.
still gotta an empty room i'm trying to lease out this summer, non smoking females only, hit me up, spread the word, etc. it's cheap. now-until August 15th-ish.
Something about the light in this car wash is calling to me. #nofilter
Noah is learning to do amazing things with his breath and a brass prosthetic.
Summertime blues.
back in the saddle after almost four years, 15 windy miles with my dad today, butt is so sore. and, people are really into hanson, still.
Heaven is paved with concrete smooth as silk.
Room 543, Hotel Show, 2014
video of the show in hopkins last week w/alana:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTCIVAXDstk
Dinner time for butterflies. Reception for the show this afternoon 3-4pm, I heard there will be Popsicles.
hhaha
Alana Thomas and I have work installed till Friday @ Hopkins Hall Gallery. Come check it out, and share an orange with some butterflies.
If you or anyone you know can teach these college courses, openings in China and Taiwan for a month long teaching gig this Summer. Message me for more info:
I will be in Los Angeles July 3rd through 4th - I hope to find a free couch to crash on for 1 night, indoors preferably. Message me if you know of any accommodations I might pursue.
#Justice4Cecily 
My little brother shreds the city to pieces ... 
Hopkins hall install going up today. Alana hand knit an amazing butterfly net.
last night was one of my favorite nights. lillianna marie was there and made this video: http://vimeo.com/93798635 --- (3:15)
special guests on studio rat today :P
Goose damage management sign....right next to it there is human damage management via plant taking over fence. Taskscapes collide and the landscape is made. #ingold
Are you kidding me?
Studio picnic with Alana Thomas - planning our Hopkins hall show install next week! Reception is one week from today, Thursday, May 8 @ 3 - 4pm.
Do you think he's lost, waiting for micro center to open, or listening to his echo?
It is finished. The (only) 12 page paper from hell. And so marks the end my first year. So now, I will go dance all night with a bottle in my hand... :D
I started cooking from scratch for the first time in my life this year, what HAVE I been eating? Who knows ... anyways, great find from Lisa. How to eat well for $4/day.
Hey, the first year is over! When did that happen?!
Moving stuff around.
Bill (Katrina Mineo) despises Facebook, so he will hate me for posting this, BUT his advice on font choice is pretty hilarious and should be shared, "I prefer Robert Slimbach's Minion Pro for its contemporary handling of timeless Rennaissance models. The small caps does wonders for one's GPA as a section header, while for a few pence extra the Display font can really make the over-18pt title page sing.

Other, more quotidian choices, include Baskerville, which I find a bit stuffy, and Clarendon, good for the history of art dept. Avoid Times and Times New Roman at all costs, as they were developed for reproduction of text on newsprint at small point sizes, forcing elegant serifed feet into the typographic equivalent of galoshes.

If one must tilt to such common fonts, then Garamond is the preferred choice."
death by paper. RIP JESSICA ANN.
"Practitioners, I contend, are wanderers, wayfarers, whose skill lies in their ability to find the grain of the world’s becoming and to follow its course while bending it to their evolving purpose." -- Key words: Making, Weaving, Hylomorphism, Materials, Agency, Creativity, Carpentry, Drawing -- 
"Tegmark suggests that consciousness arises out of a particular set of mathematical conditions, and there are varying degrees of consciousness—just as certain conditions are required to create varying states of vapor, water, and ice." [via Ramya]
‘The unknown is an abstraction; the known, a desert; but what is half-known, half-seen, is the perfect breeding ground for desire and hallucination.’ (Juan José Saer, The Witness)
Art & Tech Show tonight ... come on down.... 5-8pm Hopkins Hall Squint - Art & Tech Spring 2014 Exhibition
Living all day. Writing all night. #mfa
Found the hair of my dreams.
beautifully said ... beautifully seen ...


"In other words, their statistics say your opinion literally does not matter."
Still trying to sublease my room over the summer. May sometime thru August sometime. Dates flexible, $310 a month plus utilities.
"Do your work as though you had a thousand years to live and as if you were to die tomorrow."
overheard: "the only reason we saw Draft Day was because Noah was sold out".
Anyone in columbus have a sewing machine I can borrow for a week? Mine broke and I can't figure out how to fix it (it was a super cheap $20 piece of crap)
follow the link for video...
good morning!!!!
#TBT and International Siblings Day, two for one. Miss you all terribly. xoxo
In my class students can demo anything for extra credit, today Justin demoed slack lining, I was pretty good.. At falling off.
http://apps.npr.org/borderland/#_ Blake Turner
What happened? 38F ---- ;_;
Coolest thing i've done all week.
Just saw a little baby bunny on campus, it made me laugh, because spring is here.
I could cry, it's 68F.
Today on studio rat, Blake, bill and myself finish application for art show later this year. Http://jessicaann.info/studiorat
Documentation for 4th floor project - still thinking of it as a work in progress. 
for the first time in a long time (like ever) i made a meal from scratch (via crockpot, ha), vegan chili (haha), and it tastes pretty damn good.
<3
game on.
It's bigger then I thought.
today on studio rat, lillianna marie learns arduino: http://jessicaann.info/studiorat/
omg is this even real, 3D printed skull, woman lives on. 
lulz
it's been a long week, ohh, it's only Tuesday. cool.
Columbus friends: subleasing my room in a luxurious (furnished) 2 bedroom apartment for the Summer months. Message if interested, only $310 plus utilities, nonsmoking females only.
Instead of Coumbus, OH it should be called Tow Away Zone, OH.
On the other side of the trash...
Anyone in Columbus have a truck I can borrow for an hour this week sometime?
Point taken. These are pasted on every bulletin board surface, everywhere, ever.
A potential grad was visiting the university and came into my studio, looked at my treat machine and said, "wait a second, i know you somehow" - they had been on my site and given me a treat before. lulz
Just one of OSU's many course offerings: "2250 Avoiding Cancer"
my prep for seminar today: epic fail.
yea it's done, for now... going to document with video this week. it moves...
Spaceship chrysalis in progress:
HOW TO MAKE SOMETHING: "Dear Jenny: The way to do a piece of writing is three or four times over, never once. For me, the hardest part comes first, getting something-anything-out in front of me. Sometimes in a nervous frenzy I just fling words as if l were flinging mud at
a wall. Blurt out, heave out, babble out
something-anything-as a first draft.
With that, you have achieved a sort of
nucleus. Then, as you work it over and
alter it, you begin to shape sentences
that score higher with the ear and eye.
Edit it again-top to bottom. The
chances are that about now you'll be seeing
something that you are sort of eager
for others to see. And all that takes time.
What I have left out is the interstitial
time. You finish that first awful blurting,
and then you put the thing aside.
You get in your car and drive home. On
the way, your mind is still knitting at the
words. You think of a better way to say
something, a good phrase to correct a
certain problem. Without the drafted
version-if it did not exist-you obviously
would not be thinking of things
that would improve it. In  short, you may
be actually writing only two or three
hours a day, but your mind, in one way
or another, is working on it twenty-four
hours a day-yes, while you sleep-but
only if some sort of draft or earlier version
already exists. Until it exists, writing
has not really begun." - John McPhee
"What draws people to #MH370, prompting a Twitter explosion, is that a lost plane runs counter to our contemporary understanding of the world.  If technology has achieved anything, we believe, it’s that we know how to find airplanes and the bodies riding in them."
I'm spending the rest of spring break in NYC and I'm really freaking excited about it!
Amazing story, even more amazing, you can track Lydia's progress across the atlantic live online: http://www.ocearch.org/#SharkTracker
Figured out the logic in processing a week ago. Today, 10 hours to port/prototype to/on arduino, and document in fritzing. Now to solder it something ... uhhh ....
wish i had one these to follow me when i walk home. 
Clash of cultures digital turn tracker is  more fun to make with a mega vs. arduino UNO+shift registers. Hooray for 50+ I/O!
$15 Arduino Megas at miniinthebox.com -- http://www.miniinthebox.com/mega-2560-r3-atmega2560-16au-board-development-board-for-arduino_p903300.html?utm_campaign=cartcross
Motor driver backpack! Aww
Late night trips to Walmart SucK!!!!! But I gotta that late night "crap I have no wood glue".
My mini sculpture for crickets, Weaving Antennas, is on display inside the Museum for Insects at Peabody Essex Museum. More at: http://www.hypernatural.com/museum/index.html
"We’ve centralized the bejesus out of the Internet now. There’s one search engine (plus the one no one uses), one social network (plus the one no one uses), one Twitter. We use one ad network, one analytics suite. Anywhere you look online, one or two giant American companies utterly dominate the field." 
ON MY MIND: 
lulz
Equation for art's value (from Rothfuss): object + name + biography ÷ historical context x connoisseurship = value.
studio rat in the morning sun. [http://jessicaann.info/studiorat/]
“A lifetime is not so long. You cannot wait for a tool without blood on it.” -Joseph Beuys
Streaming on netflix. 
"Fruit bowl" is actually melon and one grape... Campus food services, never ever a good choice.
This book is is KILLINg me KILLING me … help. 
who is the artist that queues a bunch of windows and then opens them up one by one creating a beautiful cascade of colors?
Most days i'm pretty sad, missing oklahoma and all that crap, BUT, most days i'm pretty grateful I get to be here too. I might just be making yet another mistake, but i am going balls to the wall via 4th floor install. Literally, tons of translucent paper balls in the making.
It is an eating pizza and folding paper kind day- gonna try to make 4th floor project space my own for a couple weeks.
of course, the radio lab titled "black box" ends with a count of the chrysalis.
I was apathetic about the olympics, but then this came up… "The portraits, showing Mr. Putin shirtless and riding a variety of mammals, adorn the walls of virtually every hotel room constructed especially for the Olympics and were created at a cost of over two million dollars, Olympic officials said." … For his part, President Putin has been dismissive of the complaints, today calling the hotel guests “babies who cry."
Food for thought... "3-D printing could be a revolution in the making – but it’s not there yet. A lot more work needs to be done on its ecological profile so that it truly ruptures the conventions of industrial practices – and to do this, it must first urgently tackle the weighty issue of 21st-century materiality."
Loads of projects to look at, http://www.moma.org/interactives/exhibitions/2008/elasticmind/ (via Blake)
I hate that I did this and I hate that I am posting it, but I don't hate getting Leslie.
how has this gone missed by me my whole life? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Awkqte1mgcs#t=11 Kara Blain
If the art world won't have me maybe the nerd world will. Made a digital turn tracker for Clash of Cultures this weekend. Download: 
I have a piece in Amy Young's Museum for Insects, you can't see it in the frame, its on the second story. haha, 
Caleb killing it, per the usual: 
Anyone have a favorite interactive net based narrative, artwork, game, or anything really?
The best tasting cup of coffee i've ever made, thanks to Eric for Chemex Coffeemaker!!!!!!! omgomg
chrysalis contents.
empty chrysalis 2, w/human hair.
empty chrysalis 1, w/slide.
night … 
i'm scared
Crap, my car won't start. Frigid temps I guess. I'm so lost. Get me to hawaii, tks. 
For anyone that has ever been involved in conference calling for business. 
Ran into Katrina and Bill at the theater last night, so I was not alone after all!! :D And they gave me a ride home, so pretty good night. Also >> "Physicists have discovered a jewel-like geometric object that dramatically simplifies calculations of particle interactions and challenges the notion that space and time are fundamental components of reality."
All alone, on my way to see A Room Nobody Knows
lol
amen.
http://www.impactlab.net/2014/01/21/feds-are-free-to-sell-seized-silk-road-bitcoins-worth-25-million/
someone buy this and let me borrow it indefinitely. 
So, one positive about 0F temps, my socks are good for like a week+.
Sometimes you just have to go back to the drawing board… and keep up with the readings. #mfa
I can't wait to see this, next Friday! #theater
haha
When people ask me what I am going to do post MFA: 
lol, "When I was young there were beatniks. Hippies. Punks. Gangsters. Now you’re a hacktivist. Which I would probably be if I was 20. Shuttin’ down MasterCard. But there’s no look to that lifestyle! Besides just wearing a bad outfit with bad posture. Has WikiLeaks caused a look? No! I’m mad about that. If your kid comes out of the bedroom and says he just shut down the government, it seems to me he should at least have an outfit for that."
mark your calendars ...
Watching now... (http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=d9c4xJEP6eI)
I love ranch too ... #solidarity
this guy is super serial, regardless, cool info.
And we're back, studio rat 2014! 
21+ yr old Friends looking for an arts related summer gig in Oklahoma (feel free to use me as a reference if you apply!) :
Pretty weird when 45F feels good.
Go like my friend's drawing, she is working her way through round II to win a competition to finish it as a 100ft mural.
Pretty sweet stuff.
Go LIKE this drawing by my friend Maria K. DiFranco, and help her win the mini-mural competition!
Cool.
Cheers!
"Samsung gives us a glimpse of the future via a prototype of their flexible OLED screen, which paves the way for everything from foldable phones to tablets that you can roll up like a newspaper. "
"Utah has reduced its rate of chronic homelessness by 78 percent over the past eight years, moving 2000 people off the street and putting the state on track to eradicate homelessness altogether by 2015. How’d they do it? The state is giving away apartments, no strings attached. In 2005, Utah calculated the annual cost of E.R. visits and jail stays for an average homeless person was $16,670, while the cost of providing an apartment and social worker would be $11,000. Each participant works with a caseworker to become self-sufficient, but if they fail, they still get to keep their apartment."
Noah's smiling cause he just placed 5th chair in the All State Wind Ensemble, and he is just a sophomore! Amazing work Noah!
Facebook has this thing where you can look at your life in 2013 "in review". If I wanted my life to flash before my life I would go sky diving or something.
a terrifying development.
FINALLY got to see Noah perform, he's 1st chair clarinet in BA wind ensemble, and he killed it!
Home sweet home Tulsa.
http://www.ubu.com/film/kamler_chronopolis.html
Can someone explain to me why everyone is running around in their underwear, why there are cops EVERYWHERE, and why every house is blasting music really loud? Did I miss something?
I guess snow is a normal thing now, weird.
This is the quietist spot in the apartment. Don't mind the windows vibrating! That's just our neighbors, they party like this all the time, sometimes till 4am, ignore complaints, etc. It's awesome.
Hehe
a couple painted lady butterflies emerged this morning, i sped the video up 5x, check it out: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mcuj_pcZAiU&feature=youtu.be
Brother Caleb Bagley is in a skate film, showing tomorrow night at Tulsa Event Center. Tickets $10 a pop, check it out! 
This time I got a usb microscope on pending butterfly... I think it will emerge overnight. Watch it live! :D http://jessicaann.info/studiorat/ *the rounder shape near the bottom of the chrysalis is its eyeball.
Well, all my projects are a flop. BUT, I got this "animated" nightlight for .90 today, so I am going to go ahead and say this semester was a success!
janine antoni
I predict the chrysalis in view will be a butterfly by morning. Watch it live! http://jessicaann.info/studiorat
This venn diagram describes my day perfectly.
OSU MFAs... please take Approaching Systems with diana, bill, blake, trademark, andrew, and me! - it is a grad seminar with Shane, should be awesome. I talked to Shane today, and he said it will not be "art and techy", soooo...yea. I told him I would get the word out that the class will be awesome. So, that's what this post is:

APPROACHING SYSTEMS
>Grad Seminar ‹ Spring 2014 ‹ ART 7108
>Wednesdays 6:55pm ‹ 9:40pm
>Shane Mecklenburger

"We are now in transition from an object-oriented to a systems-oriented
culture. Here change emanates, not from things, but from the way things are done." Jack Burnham, Systems Esthetics 1968

>Systems approach artists in unique ways, eliciting increasingly supple
>creative responses.  This seminar will examine dynamic creative responses
>by artists to the approach of systems as well as systems-oriented
>approaches to art making. Histories, theories, practices & literatures
>from a variety of disciplines will be analyzed in discussions,
>screenings, close readings, visiting practitioner talks, art production
>and critiques. Special attention will be paid to: Jack Burnham¹s text
>Systems Esthetics; the limits & usefulness of interdisciplinarity; the
>limits & usefulness of art theory and certain art histories; the limits &
>usefulness of traditional forms of collaboration.
Finally found a tasty veggie banh mi in Columbus
Overnight this caterpillar escaped, found my planner a suitable spot to start her transformation.
Amazing, never seen this before! A few cremaster hooks RETRACTED. This is long after the caterpillar transformed to chrysalis. I'm gonna find a butterfly expert and ask about this. It happens at the 7-8 second mark.
Got a new car tire today, and installed a candy capture system. Yea, it's a hose and another candy jar. Don't act like you're not impressed. Http://jessicaann.info/studiorat
So, this is happening. http://www.ustream.tv/recorded/40591170
Walking home in falling snow tonight. I guess it's true, I live in Ohio now.
It happened, a re-creation of Max Neuhaus' American Can. 11am 11/11.
Julie reading to Ann Hamilton wearing an Emerson puppet mask. :D There is more where this came from happening Tuesday at: a John Cage MUSICIRCUS :: OSU Percussion Ensemble & Department of Art
Welp, feeling guilty about not being in your studio takes on a whole new meaning when everyone can see, you are not in your studio. :/
Up and running with a different streaming service, lag time is 10x less. Crappier quality video, but at least you can almost immediately see the camera pan after